# EwCiYe
Ew Ci Ye? Privacy Policy

# 1-Purpose
This Privacy Policy is part of the Noushinsoft Terms of Service (“Terms of Service”). "Noushinsoft" and "we" refers to Noushinsoft Data Technology and Software Trading Limited Company. This Privacy Policy explains our online and offline practices regarding the data, the types of the data that we collect, our intention to use, store, protect, disclose and share this data, how you can waive your consent for this data to be used in a certain way, and the way you can correct this data or change it.

# 2.Extent
Noushinsoft's websites (each referred to as the "Site"), mobile applications, forums, blogs, other online or offline services it offers (as well as all services currently or future services offered by or on behalf of Noushinsoft, online or offline are referred as (“Services”) the Personal Data Processed in the workflow, including "Services", is subject to this Privacy Policy. Any person who is responsible of processing Confidential Data on behalf of Noushinsoft is expected to protect data by complying with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is intended to cover terms in Turkey, North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific countries, other countries and also, worldwide terms.
If you dissent or refuse this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, we recommend you that do not install or use the Services.
We would like to indicate that Noushinsoft is not responsible for the actions of third parties, the content of websites, the data you provide to such third parties or the use of services provided by third parties.
Noushinsoft reserves the right to change/update this Privacy Policy and if you continue to use the Services, it will amount to your acknowledgment of the changes/updates made in this Privacy Policy.

#3. Types of Personal Data We Collect and How We Utilize Them
The type of Personal Data we collect (directly from you or from Third Party sources) and what our personal data privacy practices will be depend upon the nature of your relationship with Noushinsoft and the terms of applicable law. Noushinsoft collects Personal Data in a variety of ways, including:
You may provide data to Noushinsoft directly by interacting with the Services, during events such as service feedback, surveys or contests, or by requesting the Service or requesting the data.
Some data can be collected passively through cookies and similar technologies described below through browsing the services.
Our main aim behind collecting your data is to provide and improve our Services, to manage your use of our Services, and to enable you to use our Services with pleasure and ease. We endeavor to collect only data relevant to the purposes of the Processing. We explain below in what ways we collect your personal data and how we use it.
3.1 Types of Personal Data We Collect
Noushinsoft collects Personal Data about its current, prospective and former customers, users, employees, job candidates and visitors (collectively referred as “Parties”).
3.1.1 Data We Collect From Third Parties While Downloading and Playing Games
From mobile platform or Social Networking Site (“SNS”) providers during playing our games we collect and save some data from the user via mobile platforms such as iOS, Android and/or SNS such as Facebook or when you connect/play our games using your SNS profile or use our Services via mobile platform or SNS . The data we collect and record depends on the data sharing policy of the mobile platform or SNS, the permission you have given to this platform and SNS providers and your privacy settings, and the privacy settings of your SNS profile friends (if there is an option to share my friends or share with my friends).
Data collected by Noushinsoft may include your name and surname, SNS user identification number and/or username, profile picture or URL of this picture, your location, gender, your e-mail address that you gave to this third-party application when you signed up for SNS , your age range (such as over 21), the preferred language in the application, the time zone and the SNS ID numbers of your friends connecting to the Services when you connect to our Services through an SNS.
Noushinsoft can collect data including; your device's unique (permanent or temporary) number, operating system, version, model, CPU, RAM amount and disk space, hardware type, Advertising Identifier (IDFA), Advertising ID, your operating system (“OS”) version, your device name, game center Identifier, and your location based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address if you use our Services, games or apps on a mobile platform. This data is beneficial for resolving issues with our Services and helps us understand your user trends.
Your payments for our Services are made by third parties and Noushinsoft does not collect, store or use personally identifiable data such as; your name, address, credit card number, telephone number and e-mail address that you share with the third parties during the payment process. Noushinsoft does not have access to your data about credit card or bank account. However, third parties that process payments may share non-financial data with us regarding purchases, such as the items you purchase, in order to fulfill your order.
You can manage the data we collect from third-party applications, where you play Noushinsoft games such as Facebook. For the management of the data you need to follow the instructions to change your privacy settings in the application you used. You can also manage the collection and use of data by visiting the "settings" page of your mobile device and editing the permissions you have granted for each "application".
If you access or connect to our Services through a third-party application, you may also need to read the terms of service and privacy policies of the applications.
3.1.2 Direct Collection of Data
If you use the Services or create an account for our games, provide feedback, request services or data , or contact us directly, we may ask you to provide all or some of the following data :
Creating Account;if you create an account to use our services, we may ask you for Personal Data such as your name, email address and profile data .
Contacting Us; if you request data about our Services, request customer support or technical support, or contact us, we may collect Personal Data from you, such as your e-mail address, telephone number or postal address.
User comments;When sharing your comments about our games, you may share some data, which may include your Personal Data. All data obtained from your participation in these comments are the data you provide voluntarily. We may use this data in any way in accordance with the policies contained herein to improve our products, sites and/or Services.
Fan Pages, Forums, and Site Posts;Noushinsoft may offer publicly accessible fan pages, blogs, private messages or community forums. You should be aware that if you disclose data about yourself on Noushinsoft's fan pages, blogs, private messages or community forums, the relevant sites will collect this data including the Personal Data. If you choose to provide content anywhere on the Site that is available to the public, that content will be deemed "public" and will not be subject to privacy safeguards.
Contest Applications;Noushinsoft may hold competitions from time to time. We ask contest participants to provide their contact data (e.g. participant’s e-mail address). If you participate in a contest, we may use the data which collected from you to contact you about the contest or for promotional, advertising or other commercial purposes. All contest entry forms give participants the option to opt out of all communications which are not related to the prize.
3.1.3 Automatic Collection of Data
Server log files and tracking such as cookies, web beacons and/or tracking pixels can be used by us or by the service providers acting on our behalf such as Google Analytics, MoPub Analytics, Yandex Analytics, Adjust, Appsflyer.
We may collect certain data such as; your Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers such as your mobile device's Advertising Identifier (IDFA), Advertising ID, Game Center ID, type of computer or mobile device you use, your device operating system, version, model, hardware type and other device identifiers automatically determined for your computer or device when you access the Internet, browser type and language, hardware type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages you visit before and after using the Services , the date and time of your visit, the time you spend on each page, the links you click within the Services, and data about the pages you visit and your preferences using the technologies that mentioned before, through our Services or other web analytics methods.
In some cases, it may associate this data with your social network ID, device identifier, Game Center ID, or Advertising ID. You can find more data in detail about tracking technologies in Article 3.3 of this Privacy Policy.
3.1.4 Data Offered Through the Services
You agree that we are free to use the ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, know-how and other data contained in the content of your communication through the Services, for purposes such as developing, producing and/or marketing the Services. Noushinsoft, (a) you give your consent to do so; (b) will not disclose your name or name about the materials or other data you submit, except where we have notified you in advance that materials or other data you submit about a particular part of a Service will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required by law to do so. will not otherwise disclose that the data was submitted by you.
3.1.5 Ad Networks
Noushinsoft may display advertisements through the Services. Advertising networks may collect and use certain data, including:
Data related to performance or game content, such as your session actions related to games;
Aggregated and/or disidentification informations that is not specifically intended to identify a player;
Technical data such as device identifiers, Advertising ID and IP address.
Ad Networks may use this data to serve ads based on your interests or especially to target you.
3.1.6 Social Media Items
On/in the Services, there are social media features such as the Facebook and Twitter button, and Widgets such as the "Share" button or interactive mini programs that work on the Services. These features may collect data about your IP address and the page of the Services you visit and may enable a cookie to ensure these features work properly. Social Media Features and Widgets may be offered by a third party or directly through our Services. The interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the company which offers the feature.
3.2 How We Process Your Data
We aim to process the data we collect and store mainly to improve your gaming experience, to provide the Services, to improve the Services, to contact you, to carry out advertising and research activities and to generate reports to be used within Noushinsoft. We store data on servers located in the United States on the Google platform. We may also store your data on servers, cloud technologies and equipment located in other countries.
We may collect, store, use and process Personal Data for a variety of business purposes, including:
Providing Requested Services or Data
We may use the data about you that we collect through the Services to provide the Services to you, including but not limited to the following:
Operate, improve and optimize Noushinsoft's games and other Services;
Create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
To understand you and your choices in order to personalise our Services, improve your user experience, and enable you to enjoy using our Services;
To provide access to certain parts, functions and features of our Services;
To notify you of our offers regarding game updates, new products and promotions,
To send relevant data such as confirmation, technical notification, update, security alert, support messages and administrative messages.
To allow our players to communicate with each other in-game or on their social media accounts;
To respond to your comments or requests regarding our Services and to provide customer support;
To prevent the possibility of prohibited or unlawful acts and to protect our players from;
To measure interest in our Services;
To ensure internal quality control; and
Authenticate people's identities.
To inform you about our Games, Products and Services
Noushinsoft may use your data to inform you about offers, products and Services that may be of interest to you, such as new games, content or Services. Noushinsoft may use materials such as in-game offers, push notifications, Facebook notifications, online or offline advertising or e-mail to:
to transmit advertising, marketing and promotional data to you;
personalize content, advertising and offers;
inform you about products and services or special offers/events that may be of interest to you; and
To inform you about awards, researches, competitions or other promotional activities or events offered or supported by Noushinsoft or our business partners.
With the opt-out link provided in the correspondence from the relevant notification materials, you can choose to turn off the notifications from the options section from the mobile device or SNS settings, or by sending an e-mail to privacy@Noushinsoft.com.tr., without incurring any cost.
Sending Push Notifications
Noushinsoft may occasionally send you push notifications via Noushinsoft's mobile apps for game updates and notifications about high scores and services that you may find important. You can opt out of receiving such communications at any time by turning off such communications in with the settings section on your device.
Usage of Anonymized and Aggregated Data
Personal information and other data about you; demographic and local data, data about the computer or device you use to access our Services, we may use to create anonymous and aggregated data that cannot be identified, and to perform other analysis. Anonymized and aggregated data is used for a variety of functions, including measuring visitors' interest in various parts and features of the Services and their use of those parts and features. Anonymized or aggregated data is not Personal Data and we may use it in a variety of ways, including for research, internal analysis and analytical purposes, or other purposes permitted by law. We may share this data within Noushinsoft and with Third Parties for our or their purposes, by anonymizing or aggregating this data in a manner designed to prevent you from being identified by anyone.
Providing Services via Mobile Devices
From time to time, we may offer Services that are specifically designed to be compatible with and use on mobile devices. When you use these Services, we may collect certain data sent from your mobile device, such as device identifier, user settings, location data, mobile service provider and your device's operating system. For mobile versions of our games, users may need to log in with their Account. In these cases, data about mobile versions of our Games may be associated with Accounts.
3.3 Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics, and Interest-Based or Behavioral Advertising
Noushinsoft or Third Parties that provide content, advertising or other functions on our Services may use cookies, pixel tags/web beacons or other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect data through the Services. We use Technologies, which are essentially small data files that allow us to record certain data when you visit or use our sites, services, applications, messages and tools, and to recognize you when you switch between devices, by placing them on your computer, tablet, mobile phone and other devices (all referred to as "Device").
Cookies;Cookies are small text files placed on visitors' browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do, the Site may not function properly.
Social Media Widgets;Our website includes social media features such as the Facebook "Like" button and Linked-In (which may include items such as the share button or other interactive mini-programs). These features may collect data about your IP address, collects page data which you visit on our site, and for the feature to work properly it may place a cookie. These social media features are hosted either by a Third Party or directly on our Website. Your interaction with these features is subject to privacy policy of the company who provides the feature.
Analytics;We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reports to collect data about visitor behavior or demographic data on some of our Services. This analytical data is not subject to Personal Data and the Data generated by Google Analytics about usage, including the user's truncated current IP address, is transmitted to and stored on the Google server. Due to enabling the IP anonymisation, Google will truncate your IP address in a member state of the European Union or European Economic Area before transmitting it to the USA. For data about Google Analytics, you can visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.The user may option to choose not to collect and process data generated about their use of the Services by Google by visiting http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Usage of these technologies under the following general categories:
Relation to Operation;We may use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies as necessary for the functionality of our sites, services, applications and tools. Also, it includes technologies necessary to identify inappropriate behavior on the site, prevent fraudulent transactions, and increase security, and which allows you to access our sites, services, applications and tools.
Relation to Performance;For performance review of our websites, applications, services and tools, we may use cookies, web tools or other similar technologies including the part of analytics applications that help us understand our visitor’s usage of our website.
Relation to Functionality;We may use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies that allow us to provide enhanced functionality when you access our sites, services, applications or tools. To serve better content on our sites, or tracking your stated preferences, interests, or products you have viewed in the past, Technologies may identify you when you logged in.
Relation to Advertising or Target Audience;Usage of cookies and web beacons belonging to us or third parties to deliver content such as advertisements that are of interest to you on our sites or on the sites of third parties. Including, using technologies to understand whether the ads and content served to you are useful to you, such as whether you clicked on an ad or not. If you want to block the Technologies that on sites, services, apps and tools , you can block, delete or disable them as permitted by your browser or device.
Choice of “Do Not Track” Cookies
You can arrange your browser settings in your computer to warn you about attempts to place cookies or limit the types of cookies you allow. Flash cookies work differently from browser cookies and tools available in a browser may not be effective in removing flash cookies. Cookies are necessary to track and improve your activities on our Services, so if you disable cookies, you may lose some features or functionality of our Services.
3.4 Third Party Websites, Social Media Platforms and Software Development Kits
Our Site may contain links to other websites, and other websites may also reference or link to our Site or other Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us and we do not endorse, review or endorse the privacy practices or content of other websites or apps and also we are not responsible for them. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of every website and application they interact with. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
Noushinsoft Services may host public blogs, community forums, or private messaging. Our Site and other Services may contain links to various social media platforms and interactive features (such as items). If you are already using these platforms, their cookies may be placed on your computer when you use our Site or other Services. Others may view and use Personal Data that you voluntarily disclose and transmit on a public blog, chat room, social media platform or online, or share in an open forum, without restriction. When you interact with a social media platform, we cannot prevent the use of your data in this way, and when you use these services, you assume that the risk that the Personal Data you share will be used by third parties for many purposes.
3.5 Processing of Payments to Third Parties
Through our Services, we may sell Virtual Currency or Goods. For such purchases through the Services, we process your payments through Third Party applications, including the Apple App Store, the Google Play App Store (collectively, the "App Stores") and Social Networking Sites such as Facebook ("SNS"). These Third-Party applications may collect certain financial data when processing a payment on behalf of Noushinsoft, including your name, e-mail address, address and other data required for billing. App Stores do not share this collected data with us.

# 4. How We May Disclose Your Data
Third Party Websites, Social Media Platforms and Software Development Kits
We may share your data as stated in this Privacy Policy (with our Third-Party service providers to provide our Services; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your consent to comply with legal obligations.
Service Providers;We may share the data with service providers that we obtained. The types of service providers (processors) with which we share Personal Data includes: (i) IT services and related services; (ii) requested data and services; (iii) processing of payments; (iv) customer service activities; and (v) other service providers necessary for the delivery of the Services. Noushinsoft has signed appropriate contracts with service providers in order to perform the contractual services of the Personal Data, to provide the services in accordance with the applicable law, and not to use or share the Personal Data other than necessary.
Business partners;Noushinsoft may share Personal Data with its business partners or affiliated companies for its or its affiliates' commercial purposes or to provide you the Services that is requested. Also, Noushinsoft may share Personal Data with business partners with whom it offers products or Services. In such cases, the name of our business partner will be displayed next to Noushinsoft. Noushinsoft requires its affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to keep the Personal Data they hold on behalf of Noushinsoft confidential and secure and not to use it for purposes other than the purpose for which Noushinsoft has provided this data to them.
Interacting with Friends and Other Users;Our Services supporting your interaction with other players. If you play our games on a social network or register for our games on a social network (such as Facebook), your friends on that social network will able to see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your activity in the game. Similarly, other players, whether they are your social network friend or not, are able to see descriptions of your game activity, contact you via chat feature in our games, and view your game profile, which may include your name or "the name you use in the game" and your profile photo. In some cases, your profile photo may reveal your social network ID or gamer ID and accessing your social network ID or gamer ID may allow others to view publicly available data associated with your relevant social network profile or game account. The content you share will also be visible in the chat area of the Games. We are not responsible for the privacy-related behavior of other users who will view and use the shared data.
Marketing – Interest-Based or Behavioral Advertising and Third-Party Advertising Activities;
Noushinsoft may allow Third Party advertising partners to place tracking tools (such as cookies) on Noushinsoft's Services to collect the following data:
performance data (as how many times an ad has been clicked);
certain technical data (IP address, non-permanent device identifier such as IDFA and permanent de-identified device identifier such as hashed Android ID);
your social network identifier;
other content data related to your gameplay (such as your level or session duration); and
not directly identify your identity (pseudonymous-like nickname) (such as operating system name and versions, device models, time).
These advertising partners may use this data (and similar data collected from other websites) to measure how effective the ads are in order to serve behavioral ads to you through our games within their networks. This practice is commonly known as "interest-based or behavioral advertising" ("interest-based" or "targeted advertising"). We may also provide access to other data collected by the Services to facilitate the transmission of data that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
Protected Posts (e.g., disclosures required by law and similar Disclosures).
We may access, store or share your Personal Data, other datas and content related to your account; only if to ensure that we access, store or disclose your Personal Data, other datas and content related to your Accounts (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and due process such as court orders and subpoenas; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of you, us or others; (iv) enforce Noushinsoft's policies or agreements; (v) collect the sums due to Noushinsoft; (vi) we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate in connection with preventing bodily injury or financial harm, or in connection with an investigation or prosecution for or suspected unlawful activity; or (vii) we believe in good faith that the sharing is necessary or appropriate for other reasons.
Moreover, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes from time to time. (e.g. determine whether unauthorized activities have been performed on the Services. In this situation, data containing IP addresses in server logs of the unauthorized activities may be shared with law enforcement so that they can identify users in connection.
Merger, Sale and Other Asset Transfer;If we are the subject of a merger, acquisition, financial due diligence, restructuring, bankruptcy, appointment of a trustee, sale of company assets or transfer of services to another service provider, your data may also be sold or transferred as part of that transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. In this case, Noushinsoft will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Data in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Personal Data was collected.

# 5. International Transfer
All Personal Data collected by or through Noushinsoft may be stored in Turkey, the United States, and European Union but it is not limited, also it is possible to be stored in elsewhere in the World in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or on the servers of our service providers. When we transfer your data internationally, we take reasonable measures to ensure that your Personal Data is handled securely, lawfully and as described in our Privacy Policies. Please note that legal measures vary from country to country, and privacy regulation in places where your data is transferred, stored, used or processed may differ from those in your place of residence.
While providing data to Noushinsoft, you consent to the storage of your Personal Data in these places.
If you access our Services from the European Union or other regions with the law measures regarding the collection and use of data, you agree to the transfer of your data to Turkey and the United States and to the worldwide to process your data.
It is considered that you have accepted if any disputes regarding privacy or the terms in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the law of the Republic of Turkey and that any disputes regarding Noushinsoft or the Site will be resolved in accordance with the Terms of Use, when you visit the site, use the Services and otherwise provide us the data.

# 6. Opt-Out (Right to Restrict Processing)
You have the right to choose not to use or disclose your Personal Data in certain ways. In the event that you allow Noushinsoft to Process your Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data, you can revoke your consent at any time by applying for support for the game or alternatively by contacting privacy@Noushinsoft.com.tr and you can choose not to Process your data anymore. Even if you choose to do so, we may continue to collect and use non-personal and anonymized data about your behavior regarding our Services.
Also, You should consider that some of the records about payments or customer service matters, will be retained for legal and accounting purposes. Moreover, we may not be able to delete such content if you post through our Services.
Correspondence of Emails
If you receive an unwanted e-mail from us, you can click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the e-mail to avoid receiving any further e-mails. After receiving such request, we will process this request within a reasonable time. We remind you that you will continue to receive e-mails in connection with transactions about the requested products and Services.
Mobile Devices
Sometimes, Noushinsoft may send push notifications about game updates, high schores and other topic you may be interested via its mobile apps. You can always opt-out of receiving such communications (opt-out) by changing the settings on your mobile device. Also, Noushinsoft may collect location data if you use its mobile applications. You can prevent this data from being collected by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Cookies and Interest-Based or Targeted Advertising
As stated above, you can prevent or restrict the installation of cookies on your computer, or remove them from your browser, from the preferences in your web browser. You can visit the Adobe’s Website and make changes using the Global Privacy Settings Panel, to learn more about and manage Flash cookies.
The online advertising industry also offers websites that allow you to opt out of targeted advertising from our data partners and other advertising partners who participate in industry self-regulation programs. You can access them via the Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Leave Page or your Online Choices and Digital Advertising Alliance Leave Page for ads in the USA and learn about targeted advertising, consumer choices and privacy. Also, you can opt out of Google Analytics via this page. Please note that Noushinsoft has not operate and control these tools that are offered by third parties, and the options offered by these tools or advertisers or other persons with these tools.
On mobile devices, you can reset the "Advertising ID" (like IDFA) from the mobile device's options page. This will prevent further use of existing behavioral data linked to the previous "Ad ID". Furthermore, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may download applications that allow you to control the collection and use of cross-app data for personalized advertising, such as the "AppChoices" application of the Digital Advertising Alliance (the Digital Advertising Alliance). Like the aforementioned opt-out tools for the web, these opt-out tools are provided by third parties and these tools and the options offered by advertisers and others through these tools are not operated or controlled by Noushinsoft.
To be clear, when you use our opt-out options or the online industry opt-out options, you must make these cookie-based opt-out options on each device and browser from which you wish to opt out. For example, when you use the opt-out option on your computer, this choice will not be valid on your mobile device.

# 7. Rights to Access, Rectification, Deletion and Restriction
You have the right to request access, rectify or delete of your Personal Data, and to request restrictions on the processing of this data, to object, and to request the transfer of data.
The general right of objection applies to any type of data processing as described in this Privacy Policy. Unlike your right to object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we are obligated to comply with your objection if you have given specific reasons about your particular situation.
Except as otherwise permitted by applicable law, you can create a support request within our games or email to privacy@Noushinsoft.com.tr to request access to, porting, rectification or deletion of Personal Data held about you by Noushinsoft. We kindly ask you to write your full name, user identifier and e-mail address associated with your Account and explain your request for data in detail. These requests will be handled in accordance with applicable law.
Noushinsoft strives in good faith to allow Persons to access their Personal Data, however, if the data is subject to legal confidentiality requirements, access would violate the privacy or other legitimate rights of others, the burden or expense of providing access should be disproportionate to the risks posed to the Person's privacy right in the particular case. In situation where too much or commercial secrecy is at issue, Noushinsoft will not able to Access. If Noushinsoft determines that access should be restricted in a particular situation, we will give you reasons on why this determination was made and share a contact data so you can contact if you have further questions. To protect your privacy, Noushinsoft will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to accessing or changing your Personal Data.

# 8. Data Storage
Noushinsoft collects Personal Data as specified in this Privacy Policy, as long as you use our Services or to fulfill the purposes for which this data was collected, to provide the Services, to resolve disputes, to establish legal defenses, to perform audits, to achieve legitimate business purposes, to enforce contracts and retains it for as long as necessary to comply with applicable laws.

# 9. Data Security
The personal data you provide to us is stored on servers located in secure facilities and is protected within the framework of protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such data in accordance with industry standards, such as firewalls and data encryption. However, no server, computer, communication network or system, or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, as Noushinsoft, although we take all kinds of technical measures to protect user data and make great efforts to ensure data security, we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of the data you transmit to us or that you share through the Services.
When you use the Services or provide Confidential Data to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and governance matters relating to your use of the Services. If we become aware that a security system has been breached, we may notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, emailing you, or sending a push notification.

# 10. Confidentiality of Minor's Personal Data
The Services are not for children under the age of 13, and Noushinsoft acts deliberately so it does not collect or process Personally Identifiable Data from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who is under the age of 13 (or under the age of 16 in some countries and regions of the European Union) and using our games, we kindly asked that you contact us at privacy@Noushinsoft.com.tr. We will erase your child's identifiable personal data except where you certify that your child will continue to play our games.
 
# 11. Relief / Compliance and Accountability
If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or Privacy Policy, please contact Noushinsoft at privacy@Noushinsoft.com.tr. We will promptly help to your queries and assist on solving outstanding privacy related issues.

# 12. Change in Privacy Policy and Practices
Revision of the Privacy Policy;At our sole discretion, our privacy policy might revised, so you should review this policy regularly. If you continue to visit this Site and use the services offered to you after such changes are made, you consent to such changes.
Disclosure of Revised Privacy Policy; In the event of material changes to this Privacy Policy, Noushinsoft will notify you by email or by other ways which applicable by law. We will disclose changes to this Privacy Policy on this website, and the revised version will be effective immediately upon posting (or on notice as the case may be). If you have any concerns about how your data is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Scheme for Usage of Personal Data;In addition to the above, we will endeavor to notify you of the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt out before we use Personal Data for new purposes that you did not originally authorize. In other cases where the law or a contract requires the consent of the Person for the Processing of Confidential Data, Noushinsoft will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.

# 13. Contact Info of Data Controller's
If you have any questions regarding to privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, you can contact Noushinsoft's data protection officer by sending an e-mail to noushinsoft@gmail.com

